hey what's up everybody and welcome to
today's episode of behind the ads
joining me today is Campbell Nelson he
is the marketing director at Firefish
software and in today's episode we're
going to learn about Firefish software
who are they what do they do why do they
do it and how do they stand out in a
very competitive Marketplace going
against other CRM softwares for contexts
like HubSpot Salesforce Zoho like tons
of competitors in this space and I was
doing some research and just searching
the keyword best CRM recruitment
agencies the top of page bit estimate by
Google is $52 a click which if Google is
saying it's $52 a click I know it's way
more uh in practice so Campbell welcome
to the show fun to have you hey thanks
for having me yes super excited to be on
and just share a little bit more about
our experience or story and obviously
the competitiveness of this
space why don't we uh kick off the this
uh show with just some context on
yourself your position at Firefish off
and what you guys do yeah super um so
I've been a B2B marketer now for oh 10
years coming up I think it is um I've
been in a range of spaces from fmcg
accounts like heekin and HP um to
smaller startups Who were bootstrapped
or doing their first investment round
and have now been at Firefish for I
think it's three three years yesterday
actually I'm the marketing director here
I oversee basically our whole outbound
uh and inbound motion there um so how
we're getting leads inbound how we're
getting them outbound the content we're
putting out but most importantly which
has been prevalent to our success in the
last couple of years is our paid ad
structure there and how we are remaining
competitive albe it with smaller budgets
than some of the vast competitors that
we're out there against so bit context
on Firefish software we are a
recruitment CRM platform um and as as we
say a highly competitive market and we
specialize in recruitment agencies so
staying away from the corporate Market
which was a decision we took about 18
months ago um and we were a bootstrap
company founded 14 years ago and done
bootstrap growth for 12 years and then
last year at the beginning of last year
we done our first private Equity round
so we done A4 million pound raise um
with the aim that we would go and be a
bit more competitive for some
accelerated growth which has really
pumped a bit of cash reserves into our
pay down
structure that is so interesting so you
guys have been bootstrapped for a long
time and and only recently you decided
to to take that take round to to grow
even faster yeah that's it there was a
there was a bit of consolidation in our
Niche so in the recruitment agency CRM
space there was um I think two or three
Acquisitions and we felt like
strategically that opened up a gap that
we could step into and the void pretty
quickly over 3 to 5 period so we thought
let's go get some cash behind us and go
step in there yeah 100% um so why don't
you just walk us through a high level
Campbell of uh what is what is your go
to market uh function look like today at
Firefish and your strategy yeah
absolutely so we are we're split into
two teams under the growth function or
GTM function we have our sales team who
are all the and they're doing their own
outbound as well as taking inbound and
then we have the marketing function
which I'm responsible for so marketing
is split into verticals within the team
we have content marketing which
encapsulates video and written content
within there so we an in-house
videographer which is a luxury not many
brands have um we've got a customer
market and vertical which obviously
looks after customer or product market
and vertical which is super important in
relation to our payand structure and I
I'll come back in touch on that one we
also have Partnerships sitting under
marketing as well which is a bit
unconventional but we felt it worked
really well for growth within there that
we're able to when we're looking at a
demand gen strategy been able to focus
and lean on the demand that our partners
can create a little bit there as well so
historically when I joined the company
three years ago there was very much an
old leg gen strategy in place lots of
gated content if I'm being honest not
super high value content behind the
Gates I'm a big believer that the gate
on any content serves one purpose and
it's to get contact information for the
company who have put the gate there the
value the prospect gets is very limited
in relation to the value the company
gets from the gate and I don't believe
that's a scalable modern marketing
practice so off the back of our
investment round I made the decision
that we were going to do a complete
pivot into demand gen um structure and
we were going to remove all the gates on
all of our content if somebody wants it
the E thought was give them it let them
have it yeah yeah our industry like all
CRM Industries is very much dictated by
contract renewal dates so people will be
in one two three sometimes even fouryear
contracts with an existing provider so
the whole ethos of our demand gen
strategy was building future pipeline
like we know only 5% of any customer in
B2B space in Market at any given point
fine capture them via your Google ads
but like you know 95% of your time's got
to be spent on future pipeline there and
that's where we switched our Focus to
with our pay ad structure was how do we
build future Pipeline and how do we do
it in an engaging and creative way there
yeah so much so much to unpack on that
uh I totally agree in and something that
we're seeing more and more commonly on
the on the agency side of our business
when we're working with different SAS
companies they started Leen and then
they're making this approach towards
more of this demand in approach of like
really focusing more on content
consumption and building that PR
infinity and trust with key accounts
ahead of time I totally agree with your
thesis one thing I always like to say is
think of every lead that you get as like
taking a loan out of the bank and now
that you've bought that lead or you've
taken out that loan you are starting to
ACR interest on that on that loan or
that lead so it's like once you start to
think of it from that perspective and
you frame it from that angle you're like
what's the real value of this lead and
to your point it's like if the lead
isn't it's not being nurtured properly
we're not actually building a a
relationship with it right um and we're
not acing positive brand affinity and
Trust then maybe we're better off just
not gating it in the first place and
just giving it to our ICP and then
letting them um learn about our product
and services on their own right
absolutely like that's such a such an
interesting and creative way to look at
it as well I I think that's brilliant
you part of the journey that got us to
the demand gen approach was actually if
you go back if you look at if you're
using LinkedIn lead gen forms or if
you're using you know other lead gem
forms actually the conversion to
opportunity or the conversion to closed
one is pretty terrible on the old lead
gen stuff from what we've seen like you
know we could go out we could create
quite easily in a month 30 opportunities
in terms of deals from a LinkedIn League
genard we might close one of them a 30
to1 close rate is terrible and then
actually what we found when we
extrapolated through lifetime value is
that the lifetime value and the turned
on those accounts because they weren't
educated and we bought in was pretty bad
as well so we tend to run our GTM as
like a full life cycle there so that
we're more educated in the marketing
function and to go back to what you were
saying treating it as a loan absolutely
if you're not getting the payback on
your loan then you know you're not going
to go and take more loans from the same
bank are you yeah 100% so uh why don't
you walk us through your pay me strategy
today cble yeah absolutely um so we
sorry I'm just going to grab my notes
there on this so I don't trip myself up
so we we basically run two channels at
the moment we do some brand building on
YouTube but given where our main
audience are being recruiters they're
all on LinkedIn we focus heavily on
LinkedIn for pretty much everything we
do we're mixing up um our media channels
next year and we're going to be bringing
more Google PPC into it but as you said
at the start it is astronomically
expensive um and you know to give you a
bit of Benchmark comparison we spend 63%
less than our competitors on LinkedIn
ads however we have more clicks and more
engagement than all of our competitors
so we create better ads um we get better
results but we spend 63% Less on average
in a month so at the moment we um as I
said we transition from lead gen to
demand gen and Linkedin is our key Focus
like we know our ICP on LinkedIn if
they're there we need to be there and we
split our paid media strategy into three
buckets we put 30% of our budget into
content ads we put 50% of our budget
into product ads and then we put 20% of
our bucket or our um our budget into a
social proof budget so that's just
mainly retargeting we use content for
our cold layer within there and we also
use content use cod layer on our product
ads targeting is social proof within
there it's quite a regular structure
actually the big thing for us is and I
think so many marketers Overlook it when
they're building at their media strategy
you're just looking to make some sort of
memorable experience for your prospect
within there your buckets could be
whatever buckets you know are relevant
to what you're doing as a function but
the ethos of each bucket should be
create a memorable lasting experience
there's so much vanilla B2B marketing
out there that you know if somebody
doesn't feel compelled like if you think
how many ads you scroll past each day
you have to give them a reason to stop
and look at it and if it looks like an
ad it's probably not going to do that
for them 100% And I know you guys are
doing some very interesting creatives
just I'm looking here in the ad library
on my monitor and you guys have a lot of
different Creative Concepts which I
definitely want to dive into but just to
Circle back really quick on your your
current allocation so you're doing brand
building on YouTube so is that like
prosting like organic content on YouTube
like different tutorials so so know
remarketing and cold ler as well just
with short 30 second brand building
animated videos we know to give some
context as a symptom of the organic
growth or the bootstrap growth that
we've done for 12 years I found that we
were very much known within the same
Circle but in order to grow we had to
break out with that Circ that probably
sounds a bit silly as a B2B business but
it can be quite there are circles within
the UK recruitment industry and they're
dictated by different groups and stuff
we had to find a way to break through
that Sealand so we thought a really good
way is that we just need to go out and
we need to
spend honestly a year just putting her
name in different places because a
symptom of our old lead gen strategy was
people used to come to an expo stand and
say are you guys that blog and the first
time I heard that I was like that
blog no s business so we had a big
problem with product awareness which is
why as I go back to what it said we
created that product Market in vertical
and within the marketing
team yeah that's that's great context I
know YouTube is such a big pain point
for a lot of people listening and a lot
of folks in the SAS space they're like
know advertising on YouTube is a massive
opportunity but they don't want to touch
it because they're afraid they you're
not going to reach the right people so
on and so forth so on YouTube right now
you're running remarketing campaigns and
then you're also doing some prospecting
camp campaigns what has been your way of
approaching this as a brand especially
as a brute strap brand for the majority
of your guys' career or existence I
should say how has been your experience
with YouTube so far and like how to
approach it and kind of go over those
limiting beliefs that most of us have
when we first start with YouTube can we
reach our IP who's going to be seeing
our ad where is it going to be showing
up and like kind of these these fears we
have when we orally think about it so I
I think the fears are completely
legitimate um they are fears anday
points that we have as well it's been an
experiment for us an experiment that
we it goes back to the attribution thing
and we'll get to the attribution thing
later on like it's so difficult to
measure attribution from something like
YouTube especially if you're looking at
passing glances now what we've done is
we've dialed down quite hard or as hard
as we think we can be on an ICP within
there so we're looking at Google Search
terms and P them into YouTube Etc and
and focusing on that we're doing a bunch
of exclusion lists as well in terms of
the channels that we want we know for
example um someone know ICP a
recruitment agency director who's been
on his iPad searching for recruitment
CRM software is going to give his son or
daughter the iPad at night to go and
watch YouTube like we see it through
that so it's just a constant Battle of
exclusions and sort of age appropriate
things that we're looking to do now is
it perfect it's far from it by all
accounts but the main aim and I was
quite happy from a budget perspective
effective to write off that as like
we're not going to quantify a revenue
return on investment we're going to
quantify that as a future pipeline there
and if you're using an attribution
solution like dream data or hockey stack
or something like that you're going to
see the touch points through that
Journey when they do convert and come
inbound yeah that's awesome context and
thank you for that because I think
that's gonna give a lot of people
confidence on starting with YouTube so
just to unpack that like you can use
Google Search terms targeting on YouTube
app so Google owns or Google owns
YouTube so they they they worked hand
inand so you can reach people so this is
like an an incredible strategy you're
getting in front of people that are
searching recruitment CRM on Google and
instead of paying $55 a click uh
supposedly it's probably much more it's
much more you're you're getting in front
of them right for a fraction of the cost
on YouTube ads right where you're only
paying if somebody watches at least 30
seconds of your video which is
incredible and then you're monitoring
your placement exclusions and then
you're taking it a step further to
understand the account journey by using
a third party tool like like dream data
as you mentioned yeah absolutely and
we've got to be honest I go back to the
lead gen strategy it served such a
purpose from a bootstrap perspective
because we have such a vast CRM of data
there that we're actually able to
attribute quite a lot of the account
data back to views Etc so we've built up
you know tens of thousands of UK
recruitment agencies within our database
so we're actually quite good at being
able to look at that journey and I know
that's a luxury a lot of people probably
don't have yeah that's awesome so going
over to the LinkedIn side of things
earlier you mentioned right now your
allocation looks like 30% on content 50%
on product and then 20% on social proof
for prospecting the cold layer you're
focusing on content as a first touch and
product content and then for remarketing
you're primarily focusing on social
proof so reinforcing your your USP
through other person's uh perspectives
right that's right awesome I'm curious
to know you you have 50% on product and
30% on content you kind of touched on it
a little bit earlier but I would love to
understand your guys thinking around the
allocations yeah so it's exactly the
problem that said we had you know we
became very well known or synonymous
with putting out blog posts which was
the old Firefish I very much look at it
as the old Firefish and the new Firefish
and and the job has been for the last
three years by all account is to elevate
the brand and the product awareness
because there wasn't that like people
would come they would read the blog they
would leave the blog and then they would
come back and be like I'll read another
blog but they would never go and explore
the product or find out about the
product now a big part of that if we
look at our content strategy which is
over here we what delve too deep into
that is that there was no strategic
narrative set around content and how it
linked to our value proposition solve
that problem but the big problem we had
was product awareness what our value
proposition was and you know problems
that our product could solve by
splitting out our buckets I made the
decision that we need to invest in
future pipeline around our product here
we can do content at the same time to
influencers but the decision makers
within that um hierarchy they need to
know about our product so a lot of our
content goes to influencers within the
the buying process or the buying
committee our product ads they go to
seite VP director levels and it's all
paypoint focused in a creative way which
I think you spoke about and then what we
do is we sort of mix both the buckets of
our audiences into social proof there um
so that we're talking about you know
this agency increase their average
revenue per recruiter by 37% so that's
speaking to your decision maker within
there because they're going hey that's
more profit or more botom like Revenue
but it's also speaking to your recruiter
which is a commission based role going
well if I could increase my Revenue by
37% well then I'm going to get 30%
uplift in my um my commission at the end
of the month we're speaking to both in
the social proof and the product we're
speaking to decision makers and we're
just doing that through different
vertical within the product and content
we're speaking to recruiters making them
better at the job giving them an
understanding of how the product can do
that in a more strle way that's awesome
and you guys are doing some really cool
creatives I highly recommend everyone
listening go to the LinkedIn ad library
and search Firefish software and and
look at some of their ads you guys have
like a nice mix so just to kind of
quickly talk through what I'm seeing
here I'm seeing u meme ads so like meme
creatives I'm seeing thought leader ads
from yourself that you're promoting I'm
seeing social proof ads like with
customer
testimonials and I'm also seeing just
like some unique different Creative
Concepts like I see one here around like
airdrop and you're using like the
airdrop uh visual so you had a stat
earlier around how you're spending
significantly less than your competitors
but you're driving way more clicks um
and and Views than they are so what is
your take on Creative strategy yeah so
I'll give you that that there I've just
got it there so we spend on average 63%
less per month than our competitors
now we have to spend less yes we done a
private Equity round but we are fighting
against you know1 million Revenue
company here who have by all accounts a
th000 members of Staff 2,000 members of
Staff we have 65 members of staff so
it's David and Goliath here we have to
be better and and part of the E of the
markeet team here is like if one of our
competitors would do it we probably
don't want to do it because it's not the
best pound-for-pound return we're going
to get on it and that's the way we look
at it you know if if I wouldn't name our
competitors but if one of these big ones
now Arena done it we probably don't want
to do it and we don't tend to look at
our competitors for inspiration either
for this stuff I believe it's far better
as a marketer to look
horizontally rather than vertically go
look at other Industries what are other
people doing what's more creative in
other Industries because if you look at
your competitors you're just going to
copy and change it up a bit so the
startat there is we spend 63% less
however we come in 34% below the cost
per click benchmarks where cost per
clicks are much lower and we come in
211% above the engagement Benchmark for
our competitors so we have far more
engagement and that is data that came
from our LinkedIn account manager he
done an audit of US versus our top five
competitors for our Target area so yeah
basically to go back to your question in
a longwinded way the creative has been
like a lifesaver for us we what we done
is we looked at the industry and there's
there's a meme page on LinkedIn called
the recruiter life and it is the best
performing piece of content with our
industry like the clicks and engagement
on that page are huge it's gone from
zero to I think 100,000 organic
followers in like 24 months um yeah it
it's crazy so we that module and thought
okay all they're doing is posting memes
every day like the threshold for like
quality B2B content is pretty low but
actually what people like to consume
here is lighthearted they like like a
problem to be presented in a creative
way so we went off we done a bunch of
brainstorming we looked at as I say
looked horizontally rather than
vertically and said what are others
doing how can we maybe lean on a bit of
that and we came in and basically what
we do is we just if anybody comes up
with an ad idea they sketch it up it
goes into the team's Channel and we all
sort of feedback on it there it's been
great so what we done is we B back up in
our product into four vertical or four
USPS within it and then we back down on
those and see how do we articulate that
problem or that solution in a creative
way is it a cartoon is it you know a
mock of something that doesn't belong on
the platform you take the airdrop for
example that doesn't belong on the
platform on LinkedIn it catches people's
eye another hugely successful campaign
for us was sensitive content type so you
know if you're scrolling Instagram and
you look at something that you
potentially shouldn't be looking at um
you get the sensitive content warning
we launched a Playbook or a four-part
series out there and we just changed the
word in to be specific to our business
like um sensitive content leads to
increased Revenue per recruiter click to
unlock or click to see why and the click
rate was huge I mean for LinkedIn we
were talking 35% on a B2B ad W on that
stuff now what we were seeing is then
tracking the journey on the other side
and the consumption was great because it
wasn't just to One landing page we
pushed them to One landing page almost
like
I don't want to say it but like
clickfunnels would have done in your DTC
stuff um we then branched them off into
our content platform which had four
different modules we were watching The
Journey come through and our conversion
into content was great within there so
we found that just taking ads that break
the mold of ads it's not our product
does this or this does this that's for
retarget and we'll do that we sell you
the value when we mix our audiences what
we need to do is just create memorable
lasting experiences with their ads and
what's been really refreshing to see is
like our peers and know Kieran from
peder put me in contact with you like
they comment on it we've had other
people sharing the ad creative we've had
customers non-customers sharing like
this is so creative you know we've had
some of the best engagement in the last
12 months and it's just been really
refreshing and validated their
assumptions that actually people get
advertised to all day every day they're
pretty sick WS like if you want to stand
out and you don't have the same depths
in your pocket as your competitors do
you need to find a creative way to do it
and it's not that difficult we are not
the most creative people in the world
it's just taking small ideas making
changes finding what works and then
rolling multiple ad formats out there
that's awesome I I love the way to just
for everyone listening you're not losing
sight of what matters so you're using
mads but you mentioned your mapping it
back to a specific value prop yeah so I
think that's something that so many
people miss and in my experience working
with different task companies they'll go
this ungated approach and they'll start
to run this Playbook and they're like
okay we're going to really focus on
content consumption we want to really
focus on exposing as many accounts as we
can Etc and then they get really good at
giving away content but they don't get
very good at creating a connection
between the content that they're giving
and what it is they actually do and the
problems they solve so even with you
guys just studying your your ads and
seeing your your offers in the mix like
everything kind of has this dotted line
back to what you're doing you know which
I know you touched on it earlier it's
like that was like one of the big
mistakes that you guys made right it's
like yeah you got really good at
creating content but there was no
connection back to your product so even
with your memes like your
you're taking advantage of something
that you already know works from like
that page that you're following and
you're getting inspiration from that and
then you're drawing it and connecting it
to what you actually do so now ideally
you elicited like an emotional response
you got somebody to laugh you know
ideally you made some positive
connection and they related with the
pain point that you have and then
hopefully you know they can kind of
Click through and they go down the the
the spider web if you will um yeah yeah
I think that's such a big point because
everyone misses that that's a nail in
the head it's just being able to go back
up to your value proposition and make
sure that you're articulating some value
of your product or service in a creative
way if that's on the landing page fine I
think another big part of the landing
pages that we found when we were do the
product stuff is like don't sell like
you're not trying to sell features at
that point you're not ramming features
down somebody's throat as soon as they
hit your landing page present a problem
talk through the problem and then just
subtly see how you're going to solve
that or how you could solve that chat
without being feature specific a a trap
that I find a lot of marketers get into
in the demand gen thing is like we have
this feature and it does this that's
fine but like everyone's got that
feature tell me about the problem I've
got show me that you as a company
understand my company and the problems
that I face and we then use a lot of our
content to feed into that product market
and we do annual surveys we do annual
report we know the trends we feed it
back in these are the challenges they're
going to have we build ad content off of
the challenges or the strategies that
are going to be placed for the year
ahead we then use that to inform our
product landing pages to go hey like for
example we know that there's a job
shortage out there for recruitment
agencies at the moment you're struggling
to do business development you know
these agencies have done this or this or
this and these are the outputs that you
get from it rather than just being like
hey you could actually do business
development in our platform there's no
incentive to move there and
realistically they're out of Market
they're not going to buy just now we
need them to come back in 12 to 18
months in by yeah what are your what are
your thoughts because I I know a lot of
people
listening we live in this constant world
of today's quarter and like what we need
to generate now in terms of demo volume
and Ops and and so on and so forth and
then what's going to come in the future
how are you kind of handling that
juggling Act of like immediate Demand
versus future demand oh man was
painful it's always painful yeah I think
to give some context on it we are get to
a place where there's obviously in any
demand function you've got demand
capture and demand gen within there and
it's you're always trying to balance the
scales right and see what do we need to
put our okrs in or strategic focus in
and to give some context last quarter so
during the summer and summer months we
know our industry is pretty quiet so our
all Recruiters in Holiday nobody's
really moving jobs in the summer if
truth be told so I would okay our Focus
as a function then was okay let's put
our most of our budget into demand gen
let's do future pipeline while we know
it's quieter while our targets for
inbound are lower we focus on future
pipeline now that we're in Q4 we know
our targets are back up we've pivoted a
little bit into demand capture okay who
engaged with the ad q1 who engaged with
the r Q2 Q3 how do we then get them a
bit down a bit further down the funnel
quicker and I'm happy to say it's pay
off this quarter it was a bit of a
gamble then q1 we know things are pretty
busy so we go to a 50/50 split there in
terms of capture and gen so it's been
able to almost Flex up and down in your
okr structure and okrs have been a God
send for us in terms of being able to
put this out Flex up and down on your
strategy and see fut your pipeline now
or now pipe plane just now which one is
a priority for the quarter here and you
just move your function accordingly into
projects and okrs to suit your goal I
love that yeah I love that and and one
thing I wanted to touch on really
quickly is around content velocity like
for example when I'm looking at your
guys's current strategy I notice a lot
of the content ads are pointing towards
the same asset so like the driving
towards the playbooks and like the
course that you have so I'm curious your
guys' experience because a lot of folks
that they want to get into manen and
like kind of focusing on content
consumption and like the ungated
Playbook they content is always the
constraint right like how much content
is enough how do you think about it so
I'm curious your guys' experience kind
of going through that Journey yeah so to
give context old content strategy Le gen
focused used to be like one gated ebook
or white paper per month and between 8
to 12 blog articles per
month wasn't really doing it for me and
they had a very short lifespan I believe
content that should have a short
lifespan should be your organic social
content like that should be short videos
almost throw away it's got a four- week
lifespan you need something else for
relevance on that the content that we
create for our ads and our written
content the strategy coming into 2024
was we need to create more Evergreen
content that can be updated as things
progress so really we create things that
are not a moment in time and it's an
annual report or an industry Trend
report and we do lots of that for our
thought leadership buckets and we put
them out monthly six monthly and
annually for different reports and
they're great they serve a great purpose
but actual written content in terms of
you know playbooks or guides it's
Evergreen stuff that we know we can go
back and update so if it's the
profitable agency playbook in terms of
that split into four modules like
automation AI reporting Analytics
recruting engagement and enrich and
engag in your database we know that as
our product evolves we can go back and
update it as the market evolves we can
go back and update it so we build lots
of small pieces of content that
contribute to a big piece of content
that becomes an evergreen piece that
then you can go back and edit the small
pieces of content when they're maybe not
so relevant anymore and that really
gives you when you've got lots of small
pieces that create a big piece you've
then maybe got like 30 opportunities to
market the same bit of content or parts
of the same bit and we very much now I'm
glad to say operate like a media company
rather than like a B2B content marketing
function where we take a small bit of
content and go okay well that's actually
two YouTube shorts It's a Linkin video
it's a written article and it's five ads
and that's just one bit of content when
you extrapolate that over maybe you know
five bits of content you suddenly are
overwhelmed with the amount of content
that you have at your disposal from one
idea
that's awesome yeah I I hope everyone
took that away because that's that's
such a big blocker for a lot of folks
and the fact that you're you're really
just going all in on thinking about
these epic evergame pieces of content
that you create it goes back to like
making a memorable experience because
now it is good enough where you are
actually going to create affinity and
trust and that will hopefully connect
the dot to your product which will then
lead to Future conversations and that's
it if you look at something like a
multi- series play book or something
they might not have that problem now but
if you've created a memorable experience
of that content and in 6 months time
they go God actually I can't get the
analytics and Reporting right my agency
Firefish had a Playbook and one of the
modules was analytics and Reporting
that's where your Evergreen really comes
to power because they go back and they
revisit that content to solve the
challenge that they have then that they
may not have had when they first
consumed the ad but it was a memorable
ad and they're coming back to it now
yeah uh Campbell this has been
incredible to close out this episode
today I just want to ask you one last
question which is if you could look back
you know you guys have gone through the
ups and downs you were you've been
bootstrapped for a long time now for the
most part you still are bootstrapped
right like you just raised like one
round but you're still operating with
the same mindset what have been your top
five learnings building your program so
far to this date and if you can kind
like go back and be like guys don't do
that like what what would that
be I mean I think it's an interesting
one there's nothing I would go back and
say don't do that right I actually think
mistakes are great because that's how we
learn as marketers like the more
mistakes you make the better because you
only to make that mistake once you might
make a variation of the mistake the next
time but like go through the pain make
the mistakes like we put some terrible
content some terrible ads out and they
flopped and we learned that's not right
it wasn't matud enough it wasn't the
right message so big lesson would be
like actually go make the mistakes on
your own like learn from it I think
another thing that we got right was
nailing down our value proposition but
actually in the early days we didn't do
that we didn't have an awareness of our
value proposition it wasn't echoed
throughout the company it certainly
wasn't lived by through the market
function so I would say if we could have
done that earlier it would probably have
served us more purpose the memorable
experience thing is like huge like we
used to run vanilla B2B ads like many
companies fall into the Trap of click
here and you'll get this bit of content
click here to watch a video about how we
sell recruitment agency websites like I
would have and I I kind of get annoyed
at myself or not mixing up the creative
far earlier like it was such an obvious
thing to do and that's one of the big
things that I regret not doing
earlier
attribution always going to be a
challenge I think if you are running a
B2B Market function if you're doing any
of that and you're looking at
implementing a demand strategy rather
than a leag gen strategy a challenge
that you're going to encounter the
stakeholder management and that's
something that I've had to get better at
doing is bringing the chief exact or the
chief Revenue officer or the CFO along
in that Journey because suddenly you're
not creating hundreds of contacts per
month you're creating far less contacts
and the alarm Bells go on the board when
they're going we don't have any contacts
the crm's not spol it's about bringing
that Journey along attribution will
always be a challenge if you can find a
way to show touch points you will get
much better buy in and that's s Journey
that I had to learn as a first-time
marketing director um going along is
like how do we bring others on that
Journey so take as much data as you can
get from even if it's a free trial on
hockey stack or dream data or something
and show some of the journeys and the
touch points that your demand strategy
has done and you'll get the the
executive in from there
and I think you know it just goes back
to that ethos of like don't lose sight
of what marketing is actually about it
should be about creativity it should be
fun like that's what marketing is if
marketing is not fun if it doesn't
excite you you're probably either not in
the right industry or in the right job
that's that's a good reminder for sure I
think it's so easy to get um especially
in B2B it we kind of suck the life of
the creativity side of things and we're
over
analytical and we kind of forget that
piece to play with it it's the same
people that we're marketing to it's just
they're at work like if you were in a
d2c brand and you were marketing to
somebody it's the same person it's just
your Market to them between there was 9
to 5 rather than between 5 to 99 at
night but for some reason btb marketers
completely change that round and over
complicate it yeah that's that's 100%
true just recap those those points that
you made here is number one make sure
that you are getting clear on your value
propositions it's Abol imperative you
need to know that everything must
connect back to the value proposition
whether all the content you're doing
really focus on creating memorable
experiences this is in like insanely
valuable kind of kinding that to what we
were talking about earlier content you
produce being much more intentional
about the content you produce so like
even if you produce fewer pieces of
content but they're much more memorable
they're much more comprehensive they're
much more Evergreen and then you can
build off that that's going to be far
better than having dozens of Standalone
assets that you know they won't live
past 38 hours number four was to uh
focus on attribution and like bringing
your stakeholders along that Journey so
that way they they can understand the
the value of these different touch
points and like why you are not
acquiring leads but the idea is hey
we're not getting as many leads but
we're going to get more quality leads
and the conver rates are actually going
to be higher and when it's all said and
done we're going to be in a much better
place for a fraction of the cost than
the other approach right and one of the
things I'll just add on that because we
have like a ton of experience on the
attribution side of things is depending
on your organization's level of Faith
the amount of data you'll have to show
those stakeholders will vary right if
they already kind of understand it they
they fundamentally they get it it's a
philosophical shift truly like when you
make this this change so if they have
zero trust uh for sure a third party
attribution tool is very helpful outside
of that another thing that's really
helpful is taking screenshots of people
reacting to your ads and the comments
that they're leaving all of that is like
really good qualitative feedback for
them to kind of get that buy in the
second one is like self-reported
attribution having a free text field on
your forms how do people hear about you
they can start to reference these pieces
of content you're promoting more that's
an additional signal that what you're
doing is working um and then in addition
to that have setting up micro conversion
events on your ads is very helpful so
for example like if you are promoting a
blog post as an example instead of just
tracking the amount of landing page
clicks to the post and calling it a day
set up micro conversion events for
leading signals of consumption so for a
blog post that might look like somebody
that scrolled 75% of the way through and
stayed for at least a minute that's an
example of like an engage visit which is
a much stronger quantitative signal that
you can then use to optimize your ads
and then understand hey is this thing
working is it not and uh and then
hopefully it's a good proxy metric that
will eventually connect to what you guys
care about which is more demos and and
Pipeline and then uh lastly which I love
this point is don't lose sight of what
marketing is and it should be fun and to
to make it a creative and fun process
and I love too that you touched on
earlier Campbell like Embrace mistakes
like I wouldn't regret like not making
those mistakes I would do them again
because it's part of the process yeah
yeah I mean obviously not huge mistakes
but like make
mistakes within reason don't add extra
zeros onto your budget or anything but
like mistakes within good reason totally
totally Campbell thank you so much for
being here if people want to connect
with you or explore Firefish where can
they yeah so you get it on Firefish
software.com and if not you can get us
just over on LinkedIn um under Campbell
Nils or Firefish software on LinkedIn
awesome thank you so much for being here
and everyone uh if you guys want to dive
deeper into Firefish we'll have all
their links in the description down
below and then in the article with this
video we'll also have examples of
everything that we've talked about so if
you want to see examples of their ads
and everything like that more detail
check it out and we'll see you in the
next episode